Add support for `ignored` config (#371)
atlassian/changesets: .changeset/proud-tips-allow.md

---
"@changesets/config": minor
"@changesets/types": minor
---

> Add `ignore` config option to config ignored packages. The version of ignored packages will not be bumped during a release, but their depedencies will still be bumped normally. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `ignore` config option to configure ignored packages. The versions of ignored packages will not be bumped during a release, but their dependencies will still be bumped normally. 
```
